Chore: add security context, liveness probe and config mount to k8s deployment example (#6375)
gethomepage/homepage: docs/installation/k8s.md

        - name: homepage
          image: "ghcr.io/gethomepage/homepage:latest"
          imagePullPolicy: Always
          securityContext:
            allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
            capabilities:
              drop:
                - ALL
            runAsNonRoot: true
            runAsUser: 1000
            runAsGroup: 1000
            seccompProfile:
              type: RuntimeDefault
            # readOnlyRootFilesystem: true # Maximum security but throws a warning
          env:
            - name: MY_POD_IP
              valueFrom:
                fieldRef:
                  fieldPath: status.podIP
            - name: HOMEPAGE_ALLOWED_HOSTS
              value: "$(MY_POD_IP):3000,gethomepage.dev" # required, may need port. See gethomepage.dev/installation/#homepage_allowed_hosts

>               # Do not remove the value before the comma, required for the k8s probe to work !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              value: "$(MY_POD_IP):3000,gethomepage.dev" # See gethomepage.dev/installation/#homepage_allowed_hosts . Value before the comma is required for the k8s probe
```
